Spin2gui help
=============

Menus
----

### File

The File menu should be pretty self explanatory. You can create a new
file in a new tab with "New File" or open an existing file with "Open Spin
file...". If you use "Open Spin file..." with the current tab holding
an empty, unmodified new file, the file will be opened in that tab,
otherwise it will be opened in a new tab.

The "Library directory..." entry allows you to pick a directory that
will be searched for OBJ declarations automatically. It defaults to
the lib directory in the spin2gui distribution.

"Close tab" closes the currently selected tab.

### Edit

The Edit menu is again pretty self-explanatory. The Undo/Redo
functionality is quite limited; only one level of Redo is reliable,
and trying to Redo again will produce unpredictable results.

"Select Font..." allows you to change the font used for the currently
selected tab. It's still somewhat experimental.

### Options

The Options menu lets you change compiler options. For now just the
optimization level can be changed.

### Commands

The Commands menu allow you to compile, run a binary, or both compile
and run. The current file (the one in the currently selected tab) is
always the one compiled, so it should be your top level Spin file. It
will be saved automatically before any compilation.

The default configuration always creates a listing file (.lst), which
you can load into a window by selecting "Open Listing File" under the
Commands menu. If the listing file window is open it will
automatically be updated on every recompile.

Run Binary allows you to choose a binary that you compiled off-line
(or that was compiled earlier) and run it on the device.

Configuring Commands
--------------------

You can change the commands used for compiling and running
programs. Since the commands are flexible, you can acutally use
spin2gui for compiling and running programs on the P1. The "P1
defaults" button sets the commands for this (you will need to supply
propeller-load.exe yourself). "P2 defaults" restores the settings to
the original Prop2 development.

Config File
-----------
Settings for spin2gui are saved in a file called ".spin2gui.config" in
the HOME directory of the user (usually something like
C:\Users\MyName). If something gets really messed up, deleting that
file will restore spin2gui to its default state.

